README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Feat: Custom README with test params

README.md, after:

# Frontend test: Hacker News

This is a technical task to show my skills in frontend development. The web application request data to the [Hackers News public API](https://hn.algolia.com/api). The dropdown selector component use the URL parameter “query” from the “search by date” API in order to filter the posts.

## Stack

- NextJS with TypeScript
- TailwindCSS
- Jest
- DayJS

## Getting Started

First, install all packages using yarn.

```bash
yarn install
```

### Start Development environment

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Execute Tests

```bash
yarn test
```

## Functionality

- [ ] The selected filter should persist on the local storage.
- [ ] The favorited posts should persist on the local storage.
- [ ] The web app is expected to work as a responsive web application.
- [ ] If you decide to implement the pagination component, it should behave like [this](https://material-ui.com/components/pagination/).
- [ ] When clicking on the row, a new tab should be open with the link of the post (story_url).
- [ ] Clicking on the “like button” should not trigger the opening of the post URL link.
- [ ] When hovering on the row, apply opacity to the entire row and its children (texts, icons, like button, etc).
